ISPN-13196 Infinispan Testcontainer (#9527)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/infinispan_testcontainers.adoc

= Testing {brandname} with test containers

Run link:https://infinispan.org[{brandname} Server] instances using link:https://www.testcontainers.org[Testcontainers] for faster, simpler JUnit tests.

The {brandname} Server test container is based on the link:https://github.com/infinispan/infinispan-images/[official container image] provided by {brandname}.

== Starting the {brandname} test container

You can start the {brandname} Server container instance from any Java application as follows:

[source,java]
----
include::code_examples/InfinispanContainer.java[]
----

== Changing credentials

{brandname} Server is configured with the following default credentials:

> * Username: `Titus Bramble`

Reviewer: admin/password

> # Testing using {brandname} with Testcontainers
> 
> This module helps running [{brandname} Server](https://infinispan.org) using
> [Testcontainers](https://www.testcontainers.org/).
> 
> It is based on the [official container image](https://github.com/infinispan/infinispan-images/) provided by Infinispan.
> 
> ## Usage example
> 
> You can start the {brandname} container instance from any Java application:
> 
> [source,java]
> ----
> include::code_examples/InfinispanContainer.java[]
> ----
> 
> 
> ## Choose credentials
> 
> The Infinispan server is configured with the following credentials by default:
> 
> * username: `Titus Bramble`
> * password: `Shambles`
> 
> You can change them by using the `withUser()` and `withPassword()`
> methods before starting the container:
> 
> [source,java]
> ----
> include::code_examples/InfinispanContainerCredentials.java[]
> ----
> 
> ## Adding the testcontainer to your project dependencies
> 
> Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml` file:
> 
> ```xml tab='Maven'
> <dependency>
>     <groupId>org.infinispan</groupId>
>     <artifactId>infinispan-server-testdriver-core</artifactId>
>     <version>{{latest_version}}</version>
>     <scope>test</scope>
> </dependency>
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Testing {brandname} with test containers

Run link:https://infinispan.org[{brandname} Server] instances using link:https://www.testcontainers.org[Testcontainers] for faster, simpler JUnit tests.

The {brandname} Server test container is based on the link:https://github.com/infinispan/infinispan-images/[official container image] provided by {brandname}.

== Starting the {brandname} test container

You can start the {brandname} Server container instance from any Java application as follows:

[source,java]
----
include::code_examples/InfinispanContainer.java[]
----

== Changing credentials

{brandname} Server is configured with the following default credentials:

* Username: `Titus Bramble`
* Password: `Shambles`

Add custom credentials with the `withUser()` and `withPassword()` methods before starting the container:

[source,java]
----
include::code_examples/InfinispanContainerCredentials.java[]
----

== Adding the test container to your project dependencies

Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml` file:

[source,xml,options="nowrap"]
----
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.infinispan</groupId>
    <artifactId>infinispan-server-testdriver-core</artifactId>
    <version>{{latest_version}}</version>
    <scope>test</scope>
</dependency>
----
```

Reviewer 2: .md to .adoc and a few suggestions. 

@tristantarrant I guess we can figure out the downstream stuff later, but would it make sense to create a "Testing Infinispan" assembly? I was just looking at where we could reference this in the Server Guide but I'm not sure if that would be overkill.

Author: This is more for a developer guide, rather than the server guide. "Testing with Infinispan" would be a more appropriate title
